although gone-gone never young deer
mirela so much to tell you so I wrote it
loud yeah I know it's late please
forgive me I've been busy working hard
to try and conquer this Brian so so
where to start since we've been apart
the working on my own I'm a racist a
shot and thanks for encouragement when I
started even though my stuff was gone
but now I'm better and I really really
wish you could hear I got crowds
worldwide throwing fists in the air
I choose call my album the discs of the
year and I'm still the doctor I'll never
quit like Corinne his rap is a joke now
since you died realize most of these
guys I despise I realize I'm Way too
wise for the lies by still can't deny I
was made for these mics I'm still
and the catch is advanced as a player be
on the front page of a national paper
people like you must be proud of what
he's done in the close what I'm really
proud of is just humble approach yeah
most Jesse you're brave when I can but
Romania just doesn't do the same when I
land miss Lilly I felt you
after all three causing all this crying
I said it you have to roll inside had to
let you know you're still on my money
have the wrong time to be causing all
this crime
I share yeah after all this time had to
let you know you're still on my mind
what I've had a how's it going been a
while since we spoke it look ain't
nothing change no the bond was never
broken just our live run the separate
lines and that's cool we would have gone
back to before but then your life go so
tragically short still hear you scream
on halo when I pop play so much fun I
hear your wife really struggling wish I
could say son comforts it but I don't
know her yeah I tried calling them but
she didn't picked up and I Jane call
again
sorry ray thinks max isn't wrong but
when it comes to being real you know my
passion is strong and I feel like you
changed sewer demands to her a day and
my a day or two different manners
great bro you'll never guess I think
he's up next to calm that wedding dress
yeah after all that messing around back
in the day I never thought he'd be
settling down and much much training to
be a shrink training a crazy bitch so
crazy dudes what to think their words on
the brink of destruction I miss you
after all to eat causing all this crying
I shed a tear just have to roll this
time had selection ah you still have the
wrong side you'll be causing all of this
crime
ever